# 英文面试题

## \# Tell me about yourself?

2. Good morning/afternoon, it’s my great honor to take part in interview. I would like to introduce myself briefly.

   My name is Gao Haotian. I’m graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University with the Instrument Engineering master degree about four years ago.

   After graduation, I was hired by HuaWei. I worked as a Software Engineer in Huawei Wireless X-Lab, which focuses on the exploration and discovery of 5G application. During that, I participated in the application and practice of 5G in the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) industry, and developed the UAV Low-altitude Network Coverage Test Platform.

   After that, I joined Meituan. In my first three years at Meituan, I’m mainly responsible for the development relating to the merchant value-added services, the development of public components, and the assurance of service quality. As the project owner, I designed and developed the POI Module Config System and the Merchant Value-added Platform.

   Recently, because of the company's business adjustment, I’m in charge of the development relating to the receiving process of the shared warehouse.

   Because of the conflict between the company's policy and my career development, I’m looking for a new opportunity. OK, that’s all, thanks for your attention.

   

## \# What are your greatest strengths?

4. 1. I have professional ethics. When I'm working on a project, I prefer to complete the project well ahead of schedule rather than just to meet deadlines.
   2. I have strong learning ability. I like getting in touch with new things， and can have a good understanding of it quickly.
   3. I am optimistic, and I will find the better side of one thing.

   

## \# What are your greatest weakness?

6. 1. I’m not good at handling the temporarily works which is not in my schedule. I’m trying to get over it by rescheduling the works according to the priority and urgency.

   1. Sometimes, especially when I’m too busy, I may forget something. So I try to use ToDo List apps to remind me.

   

## \# Why did you quit your last job?

8. According to the promotion policy of Meituan, every one has the chance to be promoted once a year, and i was promoted twice in the first two years since i joined Meituan. But the promotion policy was changed last year and the rank was merged this year, so I can only be promoted in the next spring, which means i have to wait for another whole year for my next promotion. I think there are some conflicts between the company's policy and my career development.

   

   

## \# Why do you want to work here?

10. I have used your software products for many years, and always been very impressed with the innovations. I would greatly enjoy helping you to continue to innovate and to participate in the development of them.

    This company has a wonderful reputation as a great place to work. You place high value on your employees and encourage them to learn, grow, and innovate inside the company. This means that employees can work here happily for many years. I would be very happy to work here.

    

## \# What do co-workers say about you?

12. They say that I have strong technical ability and work efficiently.

    And they can communicate and cooperate with me easily. 

    

## \# Would you be willing to relocate if required?

14. Of course, I have lived in Suzhou for a few weeks, and I think SuZhou is very suitable for work and life.

    

## \# What kind of salary are you looking for?

16. I expect a normal increase.

    

## \# What were you earning at your last job?

18. About thirty five thousands.

     

## \# What have you learned from mistakes on the job?

20. 1. I will make a check list before doing important works.
    2. I will do my best to understand the real requirements of the PMs carefully.

    

## \# Why should we hire you?

22. 1. I have strong technical ability to develop the products.
    2. I have strong learning ability and adaptability, I can adapt to the new jobs quickly.
    3. I will try to realize my idea to make the products better.

    

## \# What Is Your Dream Job?

24. 1. I can grow with the company.
    2. I can realize my ideas.
    3. My dream job should have certain challenges and innovations.
    4. I can have nice co-workers to work together to solve problems and make a positive difference.
    5. I can be trusted enough.
    6. I can do the things which I love to do.

    

## \# What are you looking for in a job?

26. 1. It makes a positive difference.
    2. It challenges me to grow, and brings me achievement.
    3. A flexible, results-oriented culture.

    

## \# Where do you see yourself in 5 years?

28. Firstly, I will develop my skills and technical abilities continuously.

    Ultimately, I’d like to assume more management responsibilities and get involved in product strategy.

    But most importantly, I want to work for an organization where I can build a career.

    

## \# What motivates you to do your best on the job?

30. 1. I can do the things which I love to do.
    2. It challenges me to grow, and brings me achievement.
    3. It makes a positive difference. It’s a valued work.

    

## \# English Resume

32. [GAO HAOTIAN](evernote:///view/21328630/s47/26e37cff-36ff-4e41-acf4-5beb6a4e5194/26e37cff-36ff-4e41-acf4-5beb6a4e5194/)

33. 